---
draft: false
title: "Support Center Progress Updates"
snippet: "IT Support Center - Progress updates | No Longer Updating this post as the Support Center has been Released!"
image: {
    src: "/blog/12-17-2023.png",
    alt: "Logo"
}
publishDate: "2023-12-17 12:00"
category: "Blog Post"
author: adam-matthiesen
tags: [Open Source, osTicket]
---

### Release Date: Jan 1, 2024

This project is intended to become my new IT Support Center & Help Desk for me to run for both local & remote small businesses, as well as some home individuals.

*I do intend to offer limited OpenSource Customer support for issues related to my blog or knowledge base on the support center, but unless you setup a **Service Contract** I may not be able to assist you in a manner that is sufficient.*

Below are links to the relevent Tutorial for the Helpdesk software I'm using.

- Tutorial: [osTicket - Quick Start Docker](/blog/tutorial-osticket)
- Tutorial: [Docker, Docker-Compose, Portainer-CE Setup](/blog/tutorial-docker)

## Project Check-Ins

### Doc. 31st 2023

- We are live!  Check new Blog Post tomorrow for more details!

### Dec. 25th 2023

- Hi, I just wanted to update "everyone" today for Christmas of 2023, **MERRY CHRISTMAS** from the MatthiesenXYZ Family!  I will be launching the support system at the beginning of 2024!

### Dec. 23rd 2023

- I ended up having to give up with UVDesk, as it had issues with emails.  Installed and setup osTicket in a breeze.  Will create a docker tutorial antoher day.  but for now its working.
- Further testing and integration into new site feature. *The Get Support Button on the Sidebar that leads to a contact form*
- Website form integration is using [web3form](https://web3forms.com) which pipes using email into osTicket.  Simplifying osTicket's integration into my website for a front end *Managed* ticket filter.  Tickets are presented to the Agent from the usebasin email instead of the users email, allowing quick identication of the Webform based tickets.
- Soldinvoice configuration stands as is with no issues.

### Dec. 17th 2023

- Initial Deployment and basic configuration, took 3 tries... more documentation to come... please do not try to use the support center as I am still working out the bugs and it may not function as intended.
